doc: nrf: matter: Updating the `Adding cluster` instruction (#16189)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/matter/getting_started/adding_clusters.rst

The sensor will periodically generate the simulated temperature sensor value and update the corresponding cluster attributes.
This application will form a Matter device within a Matter network.

.. note::

>    Presented sensor sample, in this instruction, is not an official device type supported Matter Device Type Library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The sensor sample used in this instruction is used here as an example, and does not follow the Matter Device Type Library Specification.
```

Author: Done

>    While creating official product please follow the Matter Device Type Library Specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When creating an official product, follow the Matter Device Type Library Specification.
```

Author: Done

      west zap-gui

   .. note::

>    The ZAP tool's UI may vary between the ZAP tool versions. Following steps should taken as hints.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The ZAP tool's UI may vary between the ZAP tool versions. Following steps should be taken as hints.
```

Author: Will change event  for such sentence:
`The ZAP tool's UI may vary depending on the ZAP version. The following steps should be considered as guidelines.`

>    The ZAP tool UI may vary depending on the ZAP version. The following steps should be considered as guidelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The ZAP tool UI may vary depending on the ZAP version. The following steps should be considered as guidelines.
```

>       The ZAP tool UI may vary depending on the ZAP version. The following steps should be considered as guidelines.

Reviewer 2: I think there is one line - one sentence rule for the .rst files, so the second sentence should be started in the new line.

      Create New Endpoint menu in ZAP tool

   The new endpoint is created with both the Descriptor and Identify clusters enabled.

> #. Configure the On/Off cluster for this endpoint needed for this specific sample concept:

Reviewer 2: How about?
```suggestion
#. Configure the On/Off cluster for this endpoint, as it will be used in this specific example:
```

> #. Configure the On/Off cluster for this endpoint, as it will be used in this specific example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Configure the On/Off cluster for this endpoint, as it will be used in this example:
```

Author: Done

     You can use the :ref:`matter_template_network_mode_onboarding` listed earlier on this page.
   * Send Matter commands.

>    At the end of this procedure, the LED indicating the state of the Matter device programmed with the sample starts presenting Solid On state on Led 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   At the end of this procedure, the LED indicating the state of the Matter device programmed with the sample starts presenting the Solid On state.
```
This would be LED 0 on the nRF54H and nRF54L series devices, so it's easier for us to not name the specific LED.

Author: Done

>    This indicates that the device is fully provisioned, and established CASE session with the controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This indicates that the device is fully provisioned, and has established a CASE session with the controller.
```

Author: Done

     You can use the :ref:`matter_template_network_mode_onboarding` listed earlier on this page.
   * Send Matter commands.

   At the end of this procedure, the LED indicating the state of the Matter device programmed with the sample starts presenting the Solid On state.

>    This indicates that the device is fully provisioned, and has established a CASE session with the controller.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   This indicates that the device is fully provisioned, and has been able / is able to establish a CASE session with the controller.
```
?

To me, the current sentence indicates that the session is still valid.

Author: Because the CASE session is valid,
If you will run pairing via the Chip-Tool interactive, the next commands doesn't need to establish CASE session.
the Chip-tool "command" mode works in the way that each command establish new CASE session even if previous has been established and "saved".

Author: Discussed F2F

      ./chip-tool onoff off *node_ID* 1

> #. Read the measurement after turing off command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Read the measurement after device received turning off command.
```

Author: Done

> #. Read the measurement after device received turning off command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Read the measurement after the device has received the turning-off command.
```

Author: Done
